>> Scott Moss: Welcome back.
I hope everyone had enough time to
complete those exercises on the indexes,
the middleware, and the virtuals.
So, like always, I'm just going to go
ahead and walk through the solutions,
so let's start with a project.
So for the project we had a couple
of things, let's see here.
We needed to add a compound
index of the project schema,
so that the project names are unique for
all.
So I'll pull up the test and
then will do that.
So, project here.
>> Scott Moss: And
then project.spec, cool.
All right, so it says right here
project names are unique per org.
So it's expecting an error
to happen if I insert
a project with the same
name that has the same org.
So we'll just go ahead and
write a index for that.
So what we'll do is we'll
say projectschema.index.
And then first one we
will index on is the org.
And then underneath that,
we want it to shadow the name.
So that means we're gonna make
a compound index with the org and
then a combination of name and
we want that to be a unique index.
>> Scott Moss: So think about there's
different types of indexes, right?
I didn't talk about the different
types but you said compound indexes,
but this compound index is a unique index.
There's also text indexes and,
>> Scott Moss: Sparse indexes and
different types of indexes, but
we've just been talking about unique.
For the most of time is gonna be regular
indexes it looks like maybe unique or
something like that.
Text may be but
is probably something else.
So we've got that and
now is gonna run test.
And I'll do watch, I think watch
break here with indexes we'll see.
Okay, so we've got one passing.
And yup, project names are unique per org.
So that one's good.
The next one we have
to do was budget left.
So a virtual should
calculate the budget left,
so to do that, what we'll do is we'll say
projectSchema.virtual('budgetsLeft').
And I'm gonna define a getter, and
for that I'm just gonna say return
this.budget- this.spent.
So it'll tell me how much is left from
the budget and how much we spent so far.
So I'm gonna add that virtual, and it
looks like 2 passed, so we'll verify that.
And budgetleft virtual should
calculate budget left.
That passed, all that's good.
So the last test that we
have here is Org model,
removes projects when org is remove.
So I saw a couple issues with this and
I haven't quite figured out
what exactly the issue was,
it seems like some silent issues.
But I think it's an issue where if you
have an older version of Mongo as in
less than 4.0, but using the latest
version of Mongoose as in,
anything above 5.0,
these middleware might not work for you.
They don't actually fail,
they just don't work.
So I think it's a combination of that.
I haven't verified it.
But if you're in that boat, whereas you
had Mongo before coming in today, and
it's an older version, but
you installed the NPM packages,
which are the latest Mongoose.
There might be some inconsistencies
there and they might not be working,
I think that's the issue.
So, if you're just like,
my hooks aren't even running.
I really don't know why they
aren't running, that might be you.
But to get going with this exercise
I'm gonna look into the orgspec.
There we go.
And so the mongoose project
org should be removed.
So I'm gonna head over to org.js and I'm
gonna go ahead and add a hook for that.
So I'll
say orgSchema.post('remove',
function(doc, next).
What I want to do here is I'm going
to use the project model to remove
all the projects.
I want this to be async, cuz I like async.
So what I'll do is I'll just await
Project., and there's so
many different operations you can do here.
You can do delete many,
you can do find and
delete, you can just do .remove,
which might be deprecated but still works.
There's so many ways to delete a lot
of things out of the database.
I'm just gonna do a findAnd,
>> Scott Moss: Actually,
I'm gonna do a deleteMany,
let's do deleteMany.
So we'll say a deleteMany, and
then the conditions are pretty much any
project that has the ID of
the org that was removed.
So we know a project,
if you go look at it,
it has an org property
whose value is a org ID.
And we know this document has an ID on it,
so if I say org and
then document._ID,
I should be able to delete all of those.
I'm gonna save that and I'm gonna
go back to my test and that passes.
>> Scott Moss: Again, if org was removed,
then delete all of the projects that
are associated with that org as well.
In production,
you can probably do like a soft delete,
just in case your customers come back.
Getting their data back.
Any questions on this?
Other than the issue that
I brought up earlier?
>> Scott Moss: Anybody do anything
differently than this and if you did,
I would love to know about it.
Cuz there's a lot of different
ways you can do this.
Yeah what's up?
>> Student: So doc I just did this,
not sure if it worked not sure
if that's better or worse.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, yeah this works.
Yeah, that totally works.
>> Student: And it used the async or
await, maybe that's bad?
>> Scott Moss: No, it's not bad.
The reason I did this is I forced
this function to just wait, right?
Technically, I should come here and
do next right underneath it.
But the reason next is
not that important here
is because I don't have
any middleware after it.
If I did then I would
absoluely have to put next.
But the reason I put await is so
that there's no race condition in my test,
right?
Because if I don't await this, then
while I'm awaiting this org to be removed,
this might be happening in the background.
And then when my assertion happens,
this still might be happening.
So you have an erase condition
where it may pass sometimes and
it may fail sometimes because
there's erase condition.
So you just wanna put everything
synchronous, so I just awaited it.
That was it.
But I also think in these posts depending
on where the version of mongoose you
are using, like mongoose 5 you can
actually just return a promise here.
So if you just put a return
statement infront of it,
it probably would have worked as well too,
as far as waiting